Add docs for allowUserConsentForRiskyApps (#16737)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/authorizationpolicy.md

| [Update authorizationPolicy](../api/authorizationpolicy-update.md) | None | Update the authorizationPolicy object. |

## Properties  
| Property | Type | Description |
|-|-|-|
|allowedToSignUpEmailBasedSubscriptions|Boolean| Indicates whether users can sign up for email based subscriptions. |
|allowedToUseSSPR|Boolean| Indicates whether the Self-Serve Password Reset feature can be used by users on the tenant. |
|allowEmailVerifiedUsersToJoinOrganization|Boolean| Indicates whether a user can join the tenant by email validation. |
|allowInvitesFrom|allowInvitesFrom|Indicates who can invite external users to the organization. Possible values are: `none`, `adminsAndGuestInviters`, `adminsGuestInvitersAndAllMembers`, `everyone`. `everyone` is the default setting for all cloud environments except US Government. See more in the [table below](#allowinvitesfrom-values).|

> |allowUserConsentForRiskyApps|Boolean| Indicates whether [user consent for risky apps](/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/configure-risk-based-step-up-consent) is allowed. IT is recommended to keep this as `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|allowUserConsentForRiskyApps|Boolean| Indicates whether [user consent for risky apps](/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/configure-risk-based-step-up-consent) is allowed. We recommend to keep this as `false`. |
```
